You shut up
My dad too, you don't teach
Don't think that looking like my sister has a random relationship
Damn it, you still think I'm a fake
How dare you hit me?
Wow! Why did you hit me again?
Goddamn thing
Who are you scolding?
He's your sister. Wow!
Have you also been deceived?
How could he be my sister?
Isn't my sister a vegetable?
And there's no scar on his face.
How could it be my sister?
He is your sister
How could my sister find a labor prisoner?
As a fiancé?
And a divorced woman.
Mr. Qin, I can testify for Mr. Qin
This Miss Qin Family
An actor hired by my ex-husband
Who are you and dare to join the posture of my Qin family?
I'm Hu Xinxin from the New Use Group.
Clearance for you
Isn't the investment industry just for our company?
This investment is for you
You didn't know him.
It's ridiculous
You don't know that gratitude is still slandering strange words here
It's not your turn to talk here
Dad, since you're here
I think the investment of Xinrong Group
You can cancel it.
Now that you're awake
I will continue to hand over the affairs of the group to you.
Just this kind of thing
You don't need to ask me
You are not capable
Why? How is that possible?
How could I be the eldest lady of the Qin family?
How could the eldest miss of the Qin family fall in love with someone?
Married bastard